100,Very pretty. Looks exactly like shown.
101,"Super cute, fits perfectly and is exactly as shown on picture."
102,These were beautiful. It was a hard decision between these and the first earrings in my order in terms of what to buy for my sisters!
103,My daughter loves these earrings!
104,Beautiful earrings and quick delivery!
105,Awesome quality and came quickly! Love the earrings!
106,Thanks. Got them on time and my daughter loves them.
107,Beautiful earrings! My new go-to pair.
108,Super cute earrings and super fast shipping!
109,Very pretty! Great service
110,"Pretty, excited to wear them"
111,Just as beautiful as in the photo!
112,Beautiful and the posts fit well and keep the earrings on.
113,These earrings are just as beautiful as the picture. Cannot wait to wear them!
114,"Bought these as bridesmaids gifts, loved them so much I kept one pair for myself and ordered another lol"
115,Beautiful Earrings! Came very fast!
116,Very pretty and delicate. A little hard to get on.  But lovely
117,"beautiful, works well on my ear."
118,So beautiful! My sister will love these for Christmas and I can't wait to give them to her! Thank you for such beautiful earrings!
119,Beautiful earrings! Fast shipping. Thank you!
120,Really delicate and beautifully packaged.
121,Great earrings! Came fast and nicely wrapped!
122,These are beautiful and sparkly. But the third time I tried wearing them the post broke off.
123,One earring came broke - sent another with no problems. Excellent customer service.....
124,"Beautiful earrings, I love wearing them!"
125,They are as pictured and look very cute in person.  Fast shipping.
126,The recipient of these earrings loved them.
127,Beautiful earrings and fast shipping!
128,Bought these earrings for my daughter.  She loves them and the look very nice.
129,"Exactly as pictured, and a very helpful seller :) Bought for bridesmaids, but may buy some more for myself!"
130,"Lovely and feminine earrings, received quickly."
131,So cute - wear them everyday :)
132,Bought as a christmas present and it was very well received.
133,So cute! Cant wait to wear
134,"A+++++++ seller, looks very expensive. Will purchase again from this seller."
135,Smaller than expected
136,"Beautiful and dainty BUT the back of the earrings weren't as long as I expected them to be and subsequently, one fell out while wearing. I didn't even have them a week before losing one not. I don't know if you necessarily blame the product for that or not though?"
137,This is my second pair of aspera earrings and I’m obsessed. I love minimalist jewelry and theirs is unique and beautiful. Thank you.
138,These mini pin earrings were exactly what I was looking for to complete my daily earring look!  I'm wearing them in my double piercings and they are perfect.
139,"Quick to respond, rapid shipping and beautiful packaging! Earrings are the most dainty, beautiful, flattering and quality earrings! Bought theses for my wedding day earrings and couldn't be happier. Wear them whenever I have the chance now:)
 Thank you so much!"
140,Really pretty little earring. Perfectly sized for my top lobe piercing. Great customer service as well!
141,Beautiful!
142,"I really love my earrings. They arrived quickly in eco-friendly packaging (love that). Also I have had another style of this earring and it fell out. However, this style is great, stays in place and it will not fall out. Overall a great product :) WIll shop at this store again soon."
143,"I ordered the smallest size and they are so simple and pretty, hanging just below my earlobe. I love them."
144,These were a lot smaller than I was expecting it they are really cute. Great quality.
145,"Super cute earrings, but more importantly I was shocked by how comfortable they are, nothing pokes into your head like the backs of normal earrings. The only issue I have is that they can definitely fall out easily so be careful if you are for some reason moving around on a bed 🤷🏼‍♀️"
146,Simple and beautiful earrings. Love them.
147,"Beautiful little earrings! I'm wearing them for my wedding so I wish it had a little box or what not to keep it in until then, but I really appreciated the eco-friendly packaging and super fast service!! Will be buying another pair :)"
148,Adorable earrings! The shipped quickly and seem to be really good quality.
149,Beautiful. Shipping was a little slow. But the earrings were well worth the wait :)
150,They are perfect. thank you!
151,"They're pretty, but they're very flimsy. I don't think they're worth the price I paid for them, to be honest."
152,Great item at an amazing price! Came packaged professionally. The seller was more than happy to answer all my questions before I purchased the item.
153,"I don't know if I'm wearing it wrong, but it doesn't stay on very well so I haven't worn it, I'm afraid I'll lose it. Eh."
154,"Merci beaucoup, envoi soigné et rapide"
155,Sweet and oh-so-nicely package. Thanks so much!
156,"love these earrings, can't wait to wear them!"
157,So fine and delicate.  Shipped on time with care.
158,"gorgeous! arrived very quickly, thank you!"
159,I love these earrings! I could wear this everyday. I bought both yellow and white gold. I just had to change the lock because I prefer the usual one. Very easy to work with seller with the returns. Kudos!
160,I love these earrings!!! I don't know why simulated diamonds get a bad rap. These earrings sparkle and shine like my natural ones. I'm SOLD!
161,love them! (second ear hole earring) really good quality and shipped out to me soo fast! thank you :)
162,"Beautiful, sparkly lab created diamond studs!!!  Very affordable and better than CZ.  Shipping was very quick ...I'm very pleased....thank you!"
163,"Beautiful, sparkly lab created diamond studs!!!  Very affordable and better than CZ.  Shipping was very quick ...I'm very pleased....thank you!"
164,Beautiful! A little bigger than expected but it still fits my small ears. Love them! Exactly what I wanted!
165,"Love them so much!!

Just as pictured"
166,"These earrings are gorgeous, bright and sparkly. The 4mm were slightly big for my 18 month old, but she’ll grow into them soon."
167,"Absolutely gorgeous earrings! They glisten like nothing I’ve ever seen. The backs are pretty small, so I’ve had to order larger backs to keep the earrings from drooping, but that’s a small price to pay. My new favorite earrings!"
168,"So far, these are perfect! Just the right size, my skin hasn’t been allergic to them as happens often and just beautiful! Took awhile to arrive, but expected with the holidays."
169,The earrings are beautiful!  The quality is better than expected!   Will definitely order more from this seller!
170,"Stunning, lovely setting, arrived in a tiny cute little box. Great price!"
171,They are gorgeous! Thank you so much!
172,"I purchased it and it was shipped out the same day! Really appreciate the fast response. Earnings are beautiful, just as described and pictures! I wore it right when I received it. Thank you so much. I am looking into buying more pieces from this seller."
173,Perfect and beautiful!
174,I hope she loves em!!!
175,This is a high quality earrings. Buy it now!!!
176,Delivery was fast and package well.  Came in a pretty box.  Loved the earring can't wait to wear.  The only thing is the backing is a bit small to screw on.
177,Absolutely gorgeous earrings!
178,"Beautiful earrings, I love them. A perfect everyday wear type of pair ❤️❤️❤️"
179,"Thank you so much ! Came just in time for christmas, beautiful earrings !!"
180,Great quality!! It’s what I was looking for.
181,Incredible earrings I know my girlfriend will love them! Came in a nice little box perfect for a gift.
182,fast shipping and beautiful earrings
183,"I was looking for an earring I could leave in and not worry about losing or falling off. No one wants to lose their real diamonds. These have stayed in for 4 days now and have not bothered my ears. I have not received compliments on them, my sister told me they look fake and she wouldn’t buy them. But that’s what sisters do. I think these are just fine for my purposes and will be keeping them in. Fast shipping as well"
184,"These are great I have very sensitive piercings and I have yet to have an issue and leave them in over night, also no discoloration, highly recommend."
185,These are way smaller then I thought they were... Was very Disappointed... Thanks for your Quick delivery.
186,These were great! I got the two ctw and they were large while not intrusive.
187,Beautiful earrings but very hard to handle
188,"I needed help with my order, but I have yet to hear back from the owner."
189,They came on time since they came from overseas. I love the vintage opal because it is my birthstone and it is gorgeous. the craftsmanship is unbelievable and they fit perfect without any slippage. I recommend this product to any and everyone/. The price is worth it which wasn't high at all. thank you so much for this good quality product...         sherry
190,The pictures don’t do it justice! Beautiful piece of jewelry! I get so many compliments!
191,Absolutely gorgeous! I've gotten so many compliments. Highly recommend!
192,"I love them! Very subtle and elegant!  It did take quite a while for me to receive them.  But since I ordered them during the holiday seasons and it's overseas shipping, I understand the delay.  The owner responded quickly to my message regarding the shipping delay.  So I am very happy with the purchase:)"
193,Very lovey petite design. I adore them! The perfect ear decor for any occasion!
194,"dispatch and packaging was impecabble and very tasteful
i love the earrings, the only tricky bit is making them stay up when it catches on my hair"
195,"Even more beautiful than in the photos. The opals are mesmerizing! 

I bought them as a gift for my mums birthday - they were delivered quickly and on time as promised!"
196,They are stunning I’m obsessed!
197,"So schön und mit dem tollen Opal ein richtiger Hingucker. Ich habe mir im Nachgang noch den passenden Armreif bestellt. 
Da man den Bügel leicht biegen kann, kann man die Halterung schön ans Ohr anpassen."
198,"It did ship on time and was very nicely wrapped and boxed! Lovely earrings...but the first time I attempted to put them in my ears, the post s broke off. Now I have to try to glue these tiny things on so that I can wear them...they obviously were not flexible , at all! Very disappointing. Especially because they were so important to me...the moon phases...and unique! :(:("
199,"Einfach wunderschöne und auch hochwertig verarbeitete Ohrringe! Ich bin ganz begeistert.
DIe Lieferung war schnell und unkompliziert.

Vielen Dank!"
200,I love these earrings. They are so cool looking!!! Very happy with my purchase.
201,"So pretty! They go with everything too! The shop sent me a nice thank you card for Holidays and a little gift box that reminds me they are hand made! Also, I recieved a polishing cloth to keep them nice. I love them! I will definitely order from this person and business again!"
202,"Ein wunderbarer Artikel, genau wie auf dem Foto, gefällt mir sehr gut, ist sehr gut verarbeitet. Die Lieferung war prompt, die Ware prima verpackt. Alles wunderbar, vielen Dank 😊"
203,"These are beyond adorable!!! Shipping took a lot longer than I expected, but when I contacted the seller, she explained why and told me a more accurate time I would expect them. Once they shipped out, they arrived within 1-2 weeks. Definitely worth the wait!!!!!"
204,"Bought for my daughter for Valentine's  day and could not be happier with my purchase. Shipped fast, lovely packaging. Earnings are stunning. Delicate and glowing. Perfect for my girl who wears minimal jewelry and who I love to the moon."
205,These earrings are beautiful. My wife loved them! Seem to be pretty sturdy construction. Definitely not cheap feeling! Thank you!
206,I absolutely love these earrings.. Havent taken them out since I got them! I will definitely be purchasing more jewelry off of her!
207,"The earrings are absolutely beautiful! I bought them for my girlfriend as a christmas present and I know she's going to love them. Surprisingly speeding shipping, even from Germany! The holiday card was a lovely touch too."
208,The Moon Phase ear climbers are beautiful and so dainty!  They will be a Christmas gift for my daughter and I know she will love them.  Thanks to VillaSorgenfrei for the quick response when I was sent the wrong item...in no time I received the correct one and love it!!
209,Wow! Absolutely beautiful! Highly recommend. Will be a return customer.  Thank you so much for the cloth as well.  5 Stars.
210,"These earrings are absolutely gorgeous and SO very worth the wait from Villa Sorgenfrei Schmuckmanufaktur, Germany :) THANK YOU, Claudia! I will be purchasing additional sets for my daughter and a few friends very soon."
211,"Love these earrings! They are beautiful and exactly as pictured. A little hard at first to figure out how to get them to stay up, but a little adjusting and they stay in place. I purchased a pair for two of my friends as well!"
212,"It's so pretty. 
Thank you"
213,"I love them! Very pretty, moonstone is MUCh shinier than anticipated!"
214,They are beautiful!!
215,Love these
216,"Die Ohrringe sind wunderschön, ein richtiger Hingucker am Ohr.
Habe sofort Komplimente bekommen. 
Danke"
217,"Love my Moon phase earrings , fast delivery too 🙂 thank you."
218,Gorgeous!!
219,"Wunderschöne Ohrringe, der Verlauf am Ohr lang macht die Stecker wirklich besonders und ein Hingucker!"
220,Earrings are beautiful and light weight. Even more beautiful on! ❤️
221,"Wie alle Teile, die ich von Villa Sorgenfrei habe: Einfach wunderschön und besonders. Komme wieder!!!"
222,Gorgeous earrings! Bought for my sister who loves the moon. The opals are gorgeous! Very true to the pictures!
223,Exactly what I wanted for this girl. ❤️
224,"So beautiful!
Arrived very quickly from overseas
I love them"
225,"I am beyond satisfied with this purchase. For coming from over seas, the shipment seemed to go extremely fast! I wear them every day and have no issues with dullness or them turning my ear lobes green (which is always a bonus haha!) thank you so much!!!"
226,These climbers are incredible!  They have a deep gold shine and the opal catches the light in such a lovely way.  They arrived rather quickly and well packaged.  Thank you so much.
227,"Schön, leider etwas matt das gold, das war mir nicht ganz so deutlich geworden auf dem Bild. Sonst echt tolle Ohrringe"
228,Love these beautiful climbers and delivery was so quick.
229,Beautiful!
230,I love these ear climbers. True to description and photo. Very comfortable to wear. I will order from them again and again.
231,"War punktgenau da. Hat als Geschenk sehr gut gefallen. 
Macht Lust auf mehr ."
232,"My second pair :) Love them SO much, thank you!"
233,They are simply stunning! Bought them along with the matching  ring and  bangle. Perfect!
234,"Sehr sehr schöne Ohrringe. Ich hätte mir nur eine schönere Verpackung gewünscht.. die Schachtel wirkt leider nicht so hochwertig, wie es das schöne Produkt verdient hat."
235,"Wore them for about two days and absolutely loved them. Unfortunately they broke as I took them off on the third day. 

Edit: The shop owner was extremely considerate and thoughtful. She reached out to me and very kindly was able to resolve the issue. I would recommend the shop to others not only because of the beautiful pieces but especially because of the kind shop owner, Claudia."
236,I get so many compliments on these earrings!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
237,Just as pictured and so beautiful! I love them so much!
238,Stunning 💕
239,"Absolutely amazing and fantastic quality! Exceeded expectations, thank you!"
240,Bestellung wurde sehr schnell geliefert und war schön verpackt.  Sehr schöne Ohrklemmen.
241,"Wunderschön und tolle Idee..
ideal auch einzeln als Mitbringsel"
242,"Sie sind wirklich wunderschön! Besonders der Glasopal, es sieht genau wie auf dem Foto aus.
Die Lieferung war auch nur einen Tag gedauert."
243,"I LOVE these earrings, they're exactly what I wanted and they're beautiful."
244,Absolutely love them. Thank you!
245,Communications could not have been better and my daughter was delighted with these ear climbers.  The extra little items added an extra bit of excitement also.  Thank You !!!
246,Superschön! Ich freu mich schon auf das Gesicht des Geburtstagskindes...
247,"Die Ohrklemmen sind sehr schön gearbeitet, und sie passen hervorragend, sitzen fest und sicher, aber drücken nicht."
248,Super schön! Gut zu tragen!
249,"The earrings are absolutely lovely and exactly as pictured.  Comfortable to wear. Very much appreciate the effort in getting these across the Atlantic in time- thank you, Claudia!"
250,Der Artikel ist schnell verschickt und zugestellt worden. Jetzt freue ich mich über die schönen Ohrklemmen :-)
251,These are gorgeous.
252,Beautiful earrings. Will wear them often. Quick delivery. Well made. Will deal with this dealer again. A+++++
253,Beautiful! Seller was very communicative with shipping updates/delays due to COVID and international shipping. Definitely recommend.
254,"Wunderschön! Genau wie auf den Bildern 😍
Und super verarbeitet"
255,"Ganz wunderbare Ohrringe! Sehr liebevoll verpackt, toller Kundenserivce!"
256,Superschöne Ware! Sehr schneller Versand! 1000 Dank!
257,"Ohrringe sind wunderschön aber sie hängen/fallen mir immer wieder runter... Ich denke das mein Ohrläppchen zu schmal dafür ist.. Aber an sich wunderschöne Ohrringen, qualitativ und schön"
258,"Der Versand war super schnell, mein Schmuck kam gut verpackt bei mir an und uch bin ganz verliebt in meine Mondphasen Ohrklemmen!"
259,"Parfaites, très jolies et rapidement livrées ! Perfect !"
260,Zeitnahe Lieferung. Apart auffallend wirkende Ohrringe.
261,Beautiful and gorgeous
262,Absolutely stunning. Beautiful craftmanship! And super fast shipping - thank you!
263,"Sehr schöner Ohrring und Stein, hält nur manchmal nicht optimal an meinem Ohr (rutscht herunter)"
264,Beautiful! I get so many compliments!
265,Speedy delivery and beautiful piece!!! Also wrapped in very cute packaging.
266,Beautiful and well made.
267,"Wunderschöne Ohrringe, schneller Versand🌞🌙🌟"
268,Sehr schöne Ohrringe und ein toller Verkäufer!
269,As described. Beautiful purchase. Love them. Good shipping time.
270,Beautifully crafted concept. Absolutely Love these earrings - Thank You!
271,"Absolutely love how they look & have begun wearing them as my new staple accessory. I don’t think I have sensitive ears but I did notice that th finish has already begun to wear off on the inside & is turning my ear piercing green, which I’m not too fond of"
272,"I ordered one in brushed silver, one in brushed gold and one in flat silver and the people I gave them to loved them and I kept the gold one for myself. 
Even though it arrived after the holidays we were all very pleased."
273,Sehr schöne Ohrstecker! Die Lieferung war sehr schnell und unkompliziert. Toller und netter Kundenservice!!!!!!!!!!!!
274,"Habe sofort ein Kompliment bekommen, wirklich wunderschön!"
275,Super quick delivery. BEAUTIFUL earrings. I wear them almost daily
276,I bought this for my friend and she loved it. There was some issues with the shipping but Claudia was very helpful. I would definitely recommended this shop!!
277,Zauberhafte Ohrringe! Vielen Dank!
278,These are nice quality and absolutely adorable
279,"Wunderschöne Ohrringe!
Tausend Dank!"
280,Stunning! They look exactly like the picture. Not heavy and stay in you ear well. Delivery was pretty fast as well.
281,"Beautiful, arrived on time, girlfriend loved them"
282,Beautiful earrings! They are very unique and fit nicely!
283,"Wunderschöne ausgefallene Ohrstecker/-klemmen,alles bestens gelaufen"
284,Lovely earrings! One thing to beware is that these funky bars do not hold very well and my mother lost one the very first time she was wearing it. Highly recommend purchasing little rubber backers to add to the bar to hold these in place.
285,Beautiful earrings.  Well made and well worth the wait due to the virus.  Thanks!
286,My daughter loves them!  Came quickly and well packaged. TY!
287,"Schnelle Lieferung, gute Verpackung, schöne Ware."
288,Really beautiful and arrived very quickly. This piece is a gift and it will not disappoint.
289,"Sehr schöne Ohrringe, liebevolle Verpackung, schneller Versand!"
290,Lovely! Arrived very quickly and I’m very pleased with them.
291,"These are lovely and simple, just as pictured and described, and were shipped very quickly in time for Christmas even though they had a long trip across the Atlantic. Danke sehr!"
292,"Schnelle Lieferung, sehr schön und zierlich, gut anzupassen"
293,Einfach wunderschön ... alleine diese Idee der Anreihung des wachsenden Mondes ... dies wird sicher eine erste Bestellung sein :)
294,"These ear climbers are super pretty, I love the style but for some reason they hurt my ears and caused lots of irritation. I do not have sensitive skin and always clean earrings before I wear them so I’m not sure what the issue is for me. Anyway, I’ve ordered the sterling silver ones of the same story and hope my ears are happier. I really like this shop, such pretty and interesting jewelry!"
295,Vielen Dank - tolles Schmuckstück!
296,"Sehr hübsch. Wie angegeben, einwandfreie Lieferung, gerne wieder"
297,Son muy finos. Y llegaron en la fecha previstas
298,Adore these earrings! Thank you!
299,"My daughter loved these, I gave them as a gift.
They were shipped and received quickly. Thank you."
300,Darling earrings. Would recommend for the climber style choice.
301,Love!  Bought these for my friend and was a little nervous because she has small ears but they look adorable on her and she loves them.
302,sympa à porter fin et coloré discretement
303,"Very pretty, fast shipping!"
304,Schnelles Versenden und sehr hochwertiger Schmuck - gerne wieder! :)
305,"Great, but a pair I bought a while back are discolouring."
306,Absolutely gorgeous! I bought this as a Christmas gift for my partner and she hasn't stopped wearing them. Thank you!
307,Absolutely gorgeous the earrings were exactly as pictured
308,"The design is cute, this is CLEARLY not opals. They look like plastic buttons."
309,"Really nice + comfortable earrings, I love them!"
310,"Beautifully and thoughtfully packaged, shipped on time; Unfortunately the earrings don't lay completely flat upwards along the ear meaning that I had to make sure to readjust ie. reposition them onto my ear. I think gently pushing down on the bracket should help keep it in place in future. 
Still a pretty and unique piece of jewelry."
311,"Great earrings - they were a gift, and she loves them! Many thanks!"
312,Beautiful art worn as earrings!
313,"These are amazing!
I bought them as a gift and almost kept them myself because I loved them so much!
Great quality, got here very quickly, 10/10 :)"
314,Gorgeous earrings exactly as pictured.
315,"Very pretty,  it I thought there would be more moon stones"
316,very cute and fast shipping
317,"Very pretty, I know my wife will love them!"
318,Its a gift for a friend . It very pretty  and unique  design. Great buy
319,"Beautiful earrings, fast shipping- thank you!"
320,Very communicative with shipping delays that were a result of Covid. Thanks so much!
321,"Although there was a problem with my initial purchase, the shop owner contacted me quickly to resolve. Customer service is awesome, and jewelry is suoer cute :)"
322,"I’m happy with the earrings although I’m still trying to find a way to wear them that I do not need to put them back in place from time to time.
Not sure if they fit every type or ear.
Still I like them a lot, they are as they look in the pictures"
323,absolutely lovely jewelery and amazing service as usual. thank you!
324,Gift for my friend for her birthday. She had her baby on a full moon.🌕
325,really pretty and they actually stay up on your ears
326,They look beautiful & arrived very quickly!
327,Beautiful product and fast shipping! Thanks.
328,Earrings were a gift-arrived in plenty of time-had a slight issue but it was resolved quickly with no problems-very nice!
329,My girlfriend loved it
330,They were exactly what I was looking for and wanted
331,"Perfect gift, she was SO thrilled."
332,Nice earrings but the mechanism that holds them along my ear lobe doesn’t always hold and they slip down.
333,"Purchased as a gift for a friend who loooved this pair, wears separately at times too"
334,Earrings were poorly manufactured. Broken out of packaging. Cute concept
335,"Pretty but needed to return product to  arriving too late. Now getting frustrated trying to see if this is resolves I keep getting the ring around and people keep having.me email different folks to find out how to return these earrings,  I would not reccomend ordering from this site again if I can't get it resolved in the week ne"
336,Very nice.  Received on time as well.
337,unfortunately it broke before I could use it :(
338,"The packing was nice, but one of the earrings was bent and I still wore it; however the earring fell off and I lost it the same day i received it. The earring that was bent would not stay in my ear."
339,"This is the 4th time I’ve purchased these earrings, and I now own them in both silver and gold. 
My first order was for myself, and as a mom and aunt of littles I wanted earrings that were lovely, go with everything, and weren’t made for little hands to pull on. I had no idea how much I would end up loving them, and they became my everyday earrings for almost two years! Sadly I knocked them out putting on my full face mask for a snorkeling trip, and lost them at the bottom of the ocean. I loved them so much I had to replace them ASAP, and they are back in my ears and still the same quality as when I originally ordered years ago. The other other two pairs I ordered as gifts for friends who really liked mine and commented on them all the time. Trust me, just order them, you’ll LOVE them, and they are flexible to adjust to your ear"
340,Thank you Nicole for my beautiful earrings. I haven't  taken them off since I got them because I love the way they look so simple and clean yet so timeless and chic. Thank you so much for my new favorite earrings <3<3 :-D
341,"Have had so many compliments on these ear climbers - I love them - perfect , thank you 👌🏻"
342,Beautiful earrings! I got many compliments.
343,"This is the third set of these I have purchased. I own a pair in gold and receive so many compliments, that I’ve started gifting them to people who love them!"
344,"I've left a review before, but I have started to but these quite often as everyone who sees them likes them and comments on them, so I have a load in reserve to gift people. I adore these, they're perfect. I've tried buying from other makers who may be closer, but I haven't found anyone who makes them as well."
345,"I absolutely love ear crawlers, but this is hands on the most elegant pair I’ve ever bought. Outstanding quality and so delicate you’d almost forget you’re wearing them!"
346,"Fair wait, light, delicate and elegant I think."
347,Beautiful. Difficult to put on ear because of the double long piece. Still love it.
348,belli.. molto comodi da usare tutti i giorni
349,So cute! Love these!
350,"wonderfull earring
fast shipping 
thank you"
351,Shipped quickly and looks beautiful!
352,I have what I consider fairly normal ears and these do not stay in place no matter what I do.  Bummed.
353,"Beautiful pair of earrings, very happy!"
354,I've bought a few pairs of these now. Everyone comments on them and they make a great gift.
355,Very beautiful! Exactly as shown in the photos ☺️
356,She liked them very much.
357,She liked them very much.
358,The earrings never arrived. And the shop owner stoped answering back. Also the etsy costumer service was no help at all. Was the last time I ordered something here!!!
359,"Right now, I can only rate the item at one. I cannot properly review this item yet because it still hasn’t come in. I ordered it on November 19th and today is December 23rd. I will be very disappointed if it doesn’t come in time for Christmas.  I will be happy to change my review if it comes in before Christmas."
360,"I love ❤️ them so much. I wear them constantly and that's saying a lot for me because I very rarely wear silver, usually only hold, but I am so happy with these earrings and hey are so cool looking that I've had to adjust my preferences! Haha. Definitely get tons of inquiries and compliments. So dainty and easy to put on and they look just wonderful. Very happy with my purchase."
361,"I debated whether to dock a star on this because I ran into a hassle actually getting them, but once they arrived I decided to give 5 stars because these earrings are really great! They are an ingenious design and exactly what I wanted. I needed earrings to wear sleeping/ to keep my holes open that would be comfortable and not fall out. They fit very securely and look great! Also, the seller puts them in a little bottle for presentation- so cool, and I can use the tiny bottle for something else. Overall I'm very happy with my purchase even though I ran into a snafu with actually getting them."
362,"I really liked my earrings. They're a bit bigger on me than on the model, but I do have small ears. They also arrived a bit on the late side, but I did order them during the holidays, and the shop owner was very attentive about the situation, so I'm still giving a five star review. Very pretty! And sturdy!"
363,I am so excited to have this!  Production time and shipping was just as suspected and the item is even better in person!  The back of it is a square rather than round which allows for a more natural fit especially in my second piercing.  Thank you so much! LOVE IT!
364,perfect fit love them !
365,Love it ❤
366,"This my new favorite earring, it fits perfectly and is so cute! Took about a month to get here, but I expected that with international shipping."
367,"Lost my first pieces in a move, sadly, but these were too cute and I rarely wear jewelry so I'm glad to buy a new pair! Easy to put on, I only notice a slight pressure when I move my ears, but they're very secure. I love the little maintenance note and brand design, and you can tell they're made with love. Also Ara's really nice and helpful with tracking info."
368,It took a while but I finally got it! Thank you it's really pretty! :)
369,I do love this piece! I think my ears are a little too small to hold them up and in place- they tend to slip down and hang vertically. Still love them!
370,"Love it !
Thanks:)"
371,"Love this jewelry! Friends like it, referring them. Now I've always got some serotonin, even if I'm not feelin it =]"
372,love it!!!
373,I love these earrings!! I wear them almost everyday. This was my first purchase on etsy and I cannot be more satisfied. Thanks Arajera!!
374,"What can I say? It's exactly as photographed, fits exactly as expected, and came thoughtfully packaged with useful instructions for care. LOVE LOVE LOVE"
375,I love these earrings so much. They arrived in plenty of time and are absolutely gorgeous!!
376,fit comfortably and come in a cute storage bottle too.
377,"It's even prettier in real life! I love my new earring, thank you :)"
378,These earrings are beautiful and unique! Really love the small bottle they were shipped in! Thank you very much!
379,Lovely them
380,"Very well packaged, and good delivery time. Note that these earrings are not great is you have thick earlobes like mine! Going to try resizing the wire for comfort."
381,"The serotonin pair of earrings are beautiful! I love wearing these on my ears. Once you figure out how to slip them on and off your ears, they are very low maintenance during the day that I almost forget I'm wearing them. It came packaged in a small jar with a care card which also make for a cute display in my jewelry area."
382,This earring is super cute and super comfortable too! Perfect for a chem nerd like me :^)
383,"This seller is AWESOME! I contacted them about a delay in my delivery. She explained they'd had some issues with their delivery company and I could get a refund or have my parcel resent. I chose for resent and I'm so glad I did! 
The packaging alone is gorgeous! The earring is so cool! I know where I will be going for presents in the future!"
384,"Perfect earrings, shipped in a tiny glass bottle, love them!"
385,"Amazing! I love it! It fits perfectly, you can wear it all day, without any discomfort."
386,"Perfecto, es tal como aparece en la web."
387,"I LOVE THESE! I go them way before I expected them! I was worried about them not fitting but they fit perfectly! They are well made and exactly what i was hoping for! I also loved the vial that it came in, it was a very nice touch!"
388,"So nice, comes in the prettiest package"
389,I adore this item. It fits really well and it's made of high quality materials. And it arrived earlier than I expected. I've already placed another order for more!
390,"Great quality, was shipped exactly on time, love it!"
391,"It looks deceptively small when you pull it out of its package but is in fact rather large on your ear- a good thing, because it can easily be seen. Fits nicely if you have multiple piercings too, I have three and it fits nicely behind the other two."
392,"These earrings are great, and the design is pretty creative. They were shipped in a glass bottle with a cork. I think this is ingenious and much better than a box most people use."
393,I have bought THREE pairs over the last few years because I’m always losing things. But I love them that much! ❤️
394,"I put the wrong US zip code in and thought package was sent to a different address. Ara was responsive and helpful when I contacted her (turns out it was sent to the right address) Lovely earrings, makes for a great gift!"
395,Beautiful item that fits perfectly!
396,I like these ear rings! Unique and fun.
397,Beautiful and well made. Thank you so so much xxx
398,Beautiful design and really good quality!  They were worth the wait and made the best gift!
399,"Lovely unique looking earring, gets lots of admiring glances. Lovely helpful seller & arrived really quickly for reasonably priced postage :)"
400,Absolutely love these!!! Thank you!!
401,Very cute!
402,This item is adorable and comes with care instructions.  I'm not a fan of shippers that make you sign for packages as I work all week. And the post office in my area is crazy nuts all the time. It took forever to get my order because I had to be home to get it. Inconvenient! Cute product
403,"What a fun idea, making earrings of different molecules! I love ear climbers as I can't wear dangling earrings for work so these are perfect. This is the third pair I ordered. Ara does the best work. I'm sure I will order again."
404,These are so amazing!! I haven't worn earrings for years & these are just so original & simple & beautiful. Thank you!
405,"Beautiful, elegant and delicate. I love both of these ear climbers. Excellent quality !"
406,"Love this and everything I've ordered from this seller! Products came with free anti-tarnishing polishing cloth and in small glass jars to protect from tarnish. Even when Etsy sent this to my wrong old address, Ara made the effort to contact the shippers and get it sent to my right address. Wonderful experience, will be buying from this store again!"
407,It fits and hugs my ear perfectly
408,"Classy and unconventional earrings, great stuff !
The packaging is lovely !"
409,"Je trouve cette boucle très belle ! 
Discret et élégant, c'est vraiment beau."
410,"This looks great on, although it is slightly big for my ear so be careful if you have smaller ears."
411,"My ear lobes are a little small for these earrings, they stick out a bit underneath. But still look great!"
412,Unique earrings and lovely packaging. Thank you so much! :)
413,I love it! It makes me feel fashionable and feminine!
414,"Really nice quality! Arrived a little later than expected, but they traveled a long way❗️packaged in a little bottle with care explanation. ❤️"
415,"The shipping took longer than expected (over a month), but the product and packaging were gorgeous and my mom was really pleased with this gift!"
416,Definitely so worth the wait!
417,"They're so cute, the only issue is the end of the bar (that goes behind the ear) pokes me. But I had some wax balls lying around the house and it was an easy fix!"
418,Seller is very accommodating. Good quality and quick delivery. Thanks so much!
419,"These are so fun!  My college freshman daughter chose these in lieu of getting more holes in her ears, for now at least!  Well made, good fit, arrived fairly fast!"
420,"I love it, even though I have freakishly small ears they almost fit perfectly, the bottom is just a little too big"
421,"Nice feedback quick service friendly
Nice tips for silver
Look amazing 
Can't wait to give it to my daughter"
422,The item I ordered was good quality and I was happy with it! However the earring I ordered was a little big for my earlobe. Other than that I was pleased with what I ordered.
423,"Little difficult to put on/wear, but overall very cute!"
424,"I love this, thank you so much!!"
425,"Unusual and very pretty ear cuff. 
I highly recommend!"
426,"perfect, i love it! thank you so much :)"
427,"A bold statement earring that is a head turner, & worth every penny."
428,A great design and fantastic quality!
429,Beautiful work! Very well crafted
430,I love the seratonin earrings!
431,"I love it, thank you!"
432,"It didn't take as long as I expected to make, and arrived in California in 2 weeks. They're well made and I love them."
433,I bought a pair of these a while ago and lost one so glad I could replace it 😊
434,Super cute! I love it
435,Happy with product.
436,I ordered the serotonin earrings for my niece. They are beautiful and I feel they are a very special present for her. Thank you so much!
437,It looks awesome and unique. And it fits!
438,Wonderful earrings and look so great on the ears!
439,"This earring is beautiful and well-crafted. It arrived quickly and, as always, in a cute packaging. Thanks a lot :)"
440,Beautiful quality and quick shipping 10/10
441,This artist makes wonderful jewelry!
442,Beautiful earring! Took a while to get here but no longer than stated in description. It came in such cute packaging too. Thank you!
443,Easy to adjust the the ear! Just wonderful to have extra serotonin whit me!
444,Packaging was adorable and I loved the earrings!
445,Thank you!
446,"They're so pretty!! Just as described, and very strong and of good quality"
447,It looks great and it came way earlier than expected!!
448,"Bought it as a gift for my roommate, she loves it! So unique!"
449,Love the earrings and the made a perfect gift!
450,Very cute and also extremely comfortable on the ear. 10/10 would buy again👌🏽
451,Nicely made. Thank you!
452,Extremely beautiful. Want them all
453,It looks great and was shipped fast. I would buy from here again.
454,Very well made. I like how they go through the earring hole sideways and then climb up your earlobe. Will wear these a lot. Thank you very much.
455,"These are a bit larger on my ear than pictured, but still cool"
456,Looking forward to these bad boys being in my ears
457,Love it! So do all my girlfriends that got it for Christmas!
458,Just as described and arrived in cute little cork bottle
459,"Quick shipping to the US, really fun earring design... looks beautiful on my daughter! Thank you :)"
460,Really nice quality and package.  It sits perfectly on the ear
461,"Beautiful item, seller was excellent with communication and had adorable packaging. Thanks a bunch!"
462,Really awesome and just as expected!
463,I like that they're unique and aren't cheap looking
464,Perfect once more. Much appreciated!
465,Wonderful item. Shipping expectation was very accurate and final product is just as imagined. Would shop here again
466,"Exactly as described, and well-designed—the way they fit into the ear keeps them oriented properly while you wear them. I purchased this as a gift, and the recipient loved it!"
467,very happy with it thanks!
468,My earrings arrived yesterday. They are perfect. I have received loads of compliments. Thank you :)
469,"It shipped on time, beautiful product"
470,très décu ne tient pas le bijoux est trop lourd
471,"They're cute! Bigger than you'd think, and took a long time to ship (ordered May 10, shipping process started May 24, and received June 7), but I dig 'em. It really struggles to stay in the correct orientation though. It falls over unless I make it really tight (much tighter than the dopamine I also have), which kinda makes my ear bright red and hot, but price of happiness ammirite?"
472,Very beautifully made and it is very sturdy and of high quality. the only thing i would complain about is that my earlobes are too small to fit the whole thing >:
473,The item is perfect! Thank you so much :)
474,"Super cute earrings and shipping was speedy
Great transaction. Thank you!"
475,These are so cute!  Great gift!
476,Just as pictured. I've already gotten a compliment on the first day wearing it :)
477,Love the concept and I am sure my daughter will love the earring!
478,It's really comfortable and matches the description and picture.
479,"This item was exactly as described and arrived in a timely fashion.  However, I ordered a second ear cuff and was anticipating giving it as a Christmas gift to my best friend.  The shop failed to ship the second cuff, despite ordering it before their Christmas cutoff, and left me scrambling days before to find a suitable replacement gift."
480,Exactly as described. Lovely piece of jewellery.
481,it is a very cute cuff
482,"These are beautiful and nerdy. They tend to slide off my ear a bit, but I don't think they ever risk falling out."
483,Great item! Thanks so much!
484,"Just lovely, and very comfortable to wear!"
485,"A gift for my daughter, she loved this!"
486,i bought these as a birthday present for my 13 year old daughter. she loves them and people are constantly complementing her.
487,Very lovely earings thanks
488,Lovely earrings :) Thank you!
489,"Lovely item, arrived on time."
490,It was a nice presentation putting the earrings in the tube
491,"The post of this earring is too thick and doesn't fit in my pierced ear lobe. It's a shame because it's very cute and well made, but I am not able to wear it at all."
492,"Looks exactly as I expected, however the metal bar that goes through the ear was too large for my ear piercings. It was painful trying to get them in. I haven't had this issue with other earrings."
493,My ear-climbers just arrived! They are the nicest earrings I've ever owned and I couldn't be happier with them! The quality is amazing 😊
494,Sehr schöne Ohrringe! Sehen sehr edel aus. Lieferung dauerte da. 4 Wochen.
495,Ich dache es handelt sich um ein rechts links Pärchen. Abgesehen davon sind sie sehr schön
496,"MAGNIFIQUE !!!! Merci
Un cadeau qui va ravir ma fille
Super boutique, envoi dans les délais, tout est parfait;"
497,Cute crawlers. Just want I wanted!
498,I get so many compliments on these! My new earwear look for the fall!
499,"Simple but have the lingering charm, like it very much!"
500,"Beautiful! A very good Quality. 
Everything is perfect 👍😊"
501,I love these!!  I  never take them out. They stay put where as all other earclimbers wouldn't.
502,"Love these earrings, great fit and length. I screwed up my shipping address and the customer service was amazing! Thank you!"
503,They fit perfectly and they look so cute!
504,"Its just cool looking, I keep compliments all the time!"
505,Beautiful earrings - my husband loves them even more than I do (which is a lot)!
506,Gotta love this ear bar! Highly recommended shop!
507,"I love these earrings and have been wearing them daily for about 2 months. They are comfortable, shipped within the timeframe and I get a tone of compliments on them."
508,Great pair of earrings! sleek and minimalist and just what I wanted. I'm wearing them right now!
509,Love this ear climber. I’ve ordered others where the post that goes behind the ear wasn’t as robust and after repeated wearing the post would break off from tightening and loosening. This one seems like it’ll hold up much better.
510,Perfect fit and adds some edge
511,Love them. Smooth elegance. The fit is comfortable and it stays in place.
512,Très contente de mon achat et envoi très rapide!
513,Love these! They are so pretty and comfortable to sleep with too
514,Quality and at a great price ❤️
515,Receive so many compliments on these unique earrings!
516,Gave these as a gift. They're perfect and look great.
517,"Conforme à la photo, parfait! merci"
518,Very thin! Just as I expected. If you’ve ever worn an earring like this you may have to adjust the width to keep it secure and I can do that with this earring with out fear of it snapping or losing its proper shape.
519,"Shipping kinda took a while, which I expected but they are great! They sometimes catch on my hair and slip off my ear but they’re so easy to slide back into place."
520,Very nice minimalist style. Unique and good price. They fit perfectly. Thank you!
521,My new favorite earrings! The perfect everyday pair!
522,"Très, (trop selon moi) discret..! Conforme à la description cependant !"
523,Very cute and fits nicely!
524,Très beau produit ! :-)
525,Very cool. Had to give mine away to my friend from Norway. So unique and the also stay in well.
526,These are so cool. I get compliments whenever I wear them!
527,"Alles in Ordnung, sehr schön, mal was anderes 😃"
528,"extremely cute and stylish, thank you for the fast shipping as well!!"
529,"This seller is very sweet and cares about her customers. Unfortunately, I did have an issue with my order but she made it better and fair. I will most probibly try another one of her products in the future. Thanks B!"
530,Beautiful piece. I can't stop wearing them!
531,My friend loved these for her Christmas present!!
532,perfect.  just what I asked for.
533,Very light and more confortable than I expected. I'm very pleased.
534,Still waiting to receive these earrings for my daughters 30th Birthday.
535,"I saw the crawler trend a while ago and decided I'd hop onto it. I absolutely fell in love with the earrings as soon as I received them, and I've liked them more and more every day. I have worn them every day and gotten numerous compliments. They are inexpensive yet unique. I honestly would recommend this shop to a friend :)"
536,"Absolutely love these! I received the order in less than 2 days, and it looks exactly like pictured! I will definitely buy more from this shop. Really really cute items. :)"
537,"I get compliments on these star climbers every time I wear them! It was a tiny learning curve getting them in (I’m old), but I love them!"
538,Absolutely love them!!
539,I bought these and the leaf ones - love them both. They´re super pretty and no problem to slip on. They stay in place nicely.
540,"Minimal and perfect for anyone. Earrings are light weight, which I like and made well. Will buy again!"
541,Yaaaas! Love them!
542,The jewelry is so unique and shipping was quick especially for overseas !!! Would recomend to others 💕💕💕
543,Earrings came SUPER FAST & are SUPER CUTE. I get compliments at least once/day. Will definitely be buying more soon!
544,New favorite pair of earrings! They are a little bit on the flimsy side in my opinion so I am careful with them but absolutely love them overall!
545,"Gorgeous! This is my first set of ear climbers, and I love mixing and matching them with other earrings for asymmetrical looks. <3"
546,"I got a pair of Moon Phases and a pair of Stars. I decided to wear one of each. They are so cute, I love them!"
547,Love these dainty star ear climbers!  They also shipped super fast :)
548,"Love everything about this star crawler. It’s beautiful and easy to put on. Also came super quick! I loved it so much, I bought it in silver as well."
549,Order was shipped the day I placed the order!!! I thought maybe that it was just the label being created but the package came almost two weeks early! Love how speedy this was especially with it being the holidays. Very happy with the purchase and the maker/seller. I've been wearing my pair for well over a year and they're still looking great and this pair was bought for a friend who constantly adores me earrings.
550,My earrings came today and I loooove them. They actually shipped the day I ordered them and they came super fast. They are really lightweight and comfortable! Would buy again!
551,"Beautiful earrings, I’ve received many compliments!! Great quality too!!"
552,Perfect fit for my ears. So delicate. They add just the right amount of sparkle.
553,Perfect fit for my ears. So delicate. They add just the right amount of sparkle.
554,So adorable!
555,"Quality + fast shipping + AMAZING customer service, all a girl really needs! :) Always love buying from  this shop! They really are the BEST of the BEST!"
556,"Quality + fast shipping + AMAZING customer service, all a girl really needs! :) Always love buying from  this shop! They really are the BEST of the BEST!"
557,I lovvveeee these ear climbers! They are so cute and comfortable. I play college tennis and wear these at practice all the time. Very pleased
558,I got complements on these the first day I wore them! They look great and fit great! Some of the best ear crawler earrings I've purchased!
559,"I received them this afternoon & put them on on the way to a dinner - noticed & loved by family right away. The earrings are simple, effortless but dress up the outfit easily."
560,I am delighted with these cute little earrings! They are so comfortable. They arrived quickly and were securely packaged. I would add a pic but they look exactly as pictured by the seller.
561,These earrings are beautiful!!  Took a bit of time to get them but worth it in the end.  Thanks much!!! Joules
562,"Love these earrings! I've never tried wearing ear climbers before, and they were so easy to put on. They look gorgeous."
563,These ear climbers are adorable and came exactly as pictured. I wasn’t sure if they would slip down but they stay out and look great on the ear! Shipping was fast. I’d definitely recommend!
564,"so many compliments on these, perfect size"
565,Love it! Such a great price for the quality you get.
566,I bought these for my daughter for Christmas. They arrived just in time despite a few mail hiccups. The earrings are super cute on and nice quality. My daughter is pleased with them. Seller was courteous and quick to reply to emails.
567,So pretty and dainty. I love them!
568,"I love it, fits my ears perfectly."
569,Love love love! These are amazing and you can’t beat the price!
570,LOVE LOVE LOVE these earrings! EXACTLY what I was looking for! Thank you! 💖🎉
571,"Love these so much. Thank you for such beautiful earrings.    Stay safe, happy and healthy.  God bless.    :)"
572,I love these so so much!! They are so cute! They came just when I needed them and I can't stop wearing them
573,Cute earrings and quick delivery. I get lots of compliments on them
574,Super cute but already lost one dandet!!
575,"Crazy long shipping, no fault of seller.  USPS is crazy right now. Cute earrings!"
576,They are beautiful and we love them!
577,"I love it, so beautiful to wear it everyday"
578,"We love these! I ordered a different set from another company and had to pay for each climber separately, so getting the set for the price paid made them both beautiful and affordable!"
579,"Cute! They came a little squished and I had to reshape them, and they lose their shape pretty easily when I sleep, but for the price I can deal with that!"
580,Great little ear-pins. Love 'em!
581,Very cute! The back of the earring is longer than I expected but I think it makes it better functioning to be honest. Highly recommend it’s a nice set of earrings :)
582,Very good quality. Unique!  I love them!
583,These are so adorable! I love them!
584,These star earrings are awesome!  I love the climbing look.
585,Just like the picture! I love them so much!
586,these are so cute and I love how simple they are. They came a lot sooner than I expected. I would totally buy from this store again
587,These are the cutest earrings!
588,I really love these earrings!
589,Fast shipping and arrived exactly as described and pictured. Would recommend this shop!
590,Very good quality. Very unique.  I love them!
591,Love these!!!!! They came quickly and just as described. Highly recommend.
592,super cute! I love it!
593,"Arrived in just 6 days, and exactly as pictured! Looks pretty on the ear. Would reccomend this shop for sure."
594,These are absolutely gorgeous earrings! Thank you !!!
595,"Super cute, glad I got these."
596,Super cute and really affordable!
597,It's beautiful my granddaughter loves it
598,These are so cute! Dainty but not so delicate that I feel like I am going to break them every time I put them in.
599,"These earrings are amazing, they fit my ears perfectly and sometimes, unlike with regular earrings, I don't even feel these on my ear! These are amazing thank you so much!"
600,Cute! As pictured/ described. The quick delivery is appreciated. It would be nice to have earring stops at the back to prevent slippage. Thanks!
601,"These are so cute, just what I wanted!"
602,Beautiful earrings! I love them!
603,"Cute 
Great for young girls"
604,"Shipped within a day and took a week to get to me which is pretty good for times like these. The earrings are so pretty and seem strong even though they look delicate. The only thing is, my ears are super sensitive and usually handle .925 sterling silver with no problem but these agitated my ears. I'd recommend buying these ear crawlers if you have sturdy ears but maybe shop elsewhere if you're prone to irritation."
605,I really want to give it a five but they keep falling down my earrings and the silver have chipped and I really really really love them. I'm just so disappointed with what happened to them. But I still love them and this has been my experience.
606,Good quality and good price. Will be back for more!
607,Good quality and good price. Will be back for more!
608,"Very nice, looks just like picture, fast delivery !! Definitely  will by again from this dealer"
609,Even better in person 💙
610,"I’ve ordered from here before, and just like before, the earrings are beautiful! Thank you!"
611,Simple but beautiful! Fast shipping
612,"These are super cute.  I thought the stars might be too small, but they're perfect.   They are easy to wear and look adorable.   I'm only a little worried too much back and forth with the metal might break it, but so far they've been pretty durable; I've work them several times already."
613,Beautiful! Got compliments on them!
614,Really cute earrings and perfect for the 4th of July! Shipped super fast too :)
615,Teens loved the earrings I previously purchased. Came back to purchase different styles for their Easter baskets
616,Earrings were exactly as described! Fast shipping! Will definitely be a repeat customer.
617,Really cute!  Unique way of wearing earrings.  I love them!
618,My teens love these. I ordered more items after this purchase
619,Love the way they lay on the ear !
620,I really like this one. It’s cute and elegant
621,"Fast shipping, cute and well made"
622,Service was outstanding and product quality is great!
623,Great earring. Different and look amazing.
624,Thank you!😊
625,Got these for me and my daughter. Just love them! So pretty!!!
626,Very pretty - thank you so much!
627,Lovely and good quality. Will be back for more!
628,Very light. Fit my ear perfectly.
629,"Came very quickly!  The ear pins are very dainty and lovely.  Unfortunately, one fell out of my ear yesterday and I was unable to find it😢.  Will order another pair!"
630,Exactly like the photo! And very comfortable! Definitely would recommend
631,"It’s so cute..in theory. In practicality it ended up not fully formed out of the mold, one stud was jagged and snagged when trying to put into my ear. The stars aren’t as precisely cut, and I ended up taking a file to smooth out the edges & stud. They also don’t really stay in position, needing to be adjusted often. Again, really cute, so I’m working with them, but not as I was expecting."
632,They look great and timely delivery
633,These are so very cute...Love them!
634,Pretty and simple. I've gotten lots of compliments on them.
635,"Love them so much I bought a second pair as a gift for a friend -- she loves them, too!"
636,They are very cute. Dainty and sweet.
637,Both gifts were appreciated by their recipients!  Very swift shipping appreciated by me :)
638,Second purchase because I loved this so much!
639,"The earrings are beautiful and well made. They are not the easiest to put on for kids like my 10 yr old daughter but once on, stunningg"
640,Super cute! Took  2 weeks to get them so order ahead of time if they are a gift or you need them soon.
641,These are just as pictured. Very flattering. I'm most impressed with how comfortable they are to wear.
642,Gorgeous earrings! I love wearing them.
643,Very pretty and look great on the ear.
644,Very Cute! My kids will love this for Christmas
645,Perfect - exactly what I was looking for a arrived so quickly!
646,Simple and pretty. My wife loved them.
647,"Fantastic earrings, good price and well made."
648,these are a great size and highly impressed
649,Super cute! My wife loved it
650,These have the same problem that they drop down and don't know how to keep them up.
651,These are beautiful and arrived quickly.
652,Wore these for my wedding and they were easy to slip on and hooked on my ear tight enough to not move out of place either.
653,Wonderful customer service
654,"Very pretty earrings 
Fast shipping"
655,Nice quality. Just as described.
656,Nice quality. Just as described.
657,"Really special, fun to wear.  💖"
658,Gorgeous! Purchased as a gift for my daughter and I know she’s going to love them!
659,This product had the same issue as the moon phase earnings. Had some raw edges that should have been smoothed. Still very happy with value for the price.
660,Got this for my friend for her birthday she absolutely loved it!
661,Bought these as a gift and she loves them! Lightweight and stays in place.
662,Pretty. Can’t wait to wear
663,"Earrings have not arrived yet, and it is December 14. I ordered and paid on line November 26.  Need for Christmas!!"
664,"earring is light, only fits comfortably in my bottom piercing, curves up the ear in the second but doesnt stay... i might have weird ears... but i will rock them"
665,Bought these as a gift for a 15 year old girl. She loved them. Thank you!!! ☆☆☆☆☆☆☆♡♡♡♡♡
666,Very cute and they arrived very quickly.
667,Bought these as a gift for my teenage daughter and she loves them. She gets lots of compliments.
668,Very pretty - great present for my daughter
669,"Product took longer to ship than it should have, but it was out of the seller’s control due to Covid stuff. Seller was transparent and gave me the option to cancel the order,  which I declined because the earrings were exactly what I wanted. The seller shipped them out as soon as possible and they were received just a few days after Christmas. The seller went above and beyond to accommodate, even though the supply issues were out of her control. Would definitely buy from them again."
670,Turned green first time I worse it.
671,Gave as a gift and she loves them.
672,Came on time. Not overpriced.
673,Climbers arrived quickly and are super pretty!  Lots of compliments! ❤️
674,"Really cute and look great on.
Packaging was lovely and I can keep the box and use again.
Made of silver so don't iritate my ears
Occasionally fall down but I think that's just because of the earring type they are.
Would defo buy again from here! ❤"
675,"Fast service and delivery, elegant packaging and beautiful stylish product. I’m thrilled with the quality and design."
676,"Such a beautiful set of earrings, I’ve been on the hunt for earrings which look very sophisticated and these are perfect! They fit so well and do not fall off the lobe. This is my new fav seller and I’ll definitely be buying more jewellery soon!"
677,LOVE!
678,"I love these ear crawlers. I got the hammered silver and they are so cute. Very simple and unique. I get lots of compliments on them. I was worried that they would slide down, but I’ve had no issues."
679,"I love these SO much - I kind of bought them on a whim as I wasn't sure what they'd look like on, but I have literally worn them every day since I bought them. 
Simple , elegant but with a twist... I have already bought a pair for my friend ...."
680,"This is so pretty but it’s VERY tight and hurts if I wear it too long. I love it and I’m hoping I can get it to loosen a little over time.

Edit: evidently I don’t know anything about ear climbers! The seller reached out to me and recommended a way of loosening it and it’s PERFECT! I really appreciate that she took the time to help me and this was exactly what I was looking for!"
681,"Thank you MUKAstudio. Absolutely love my purchases. Super fast delivery, excellent quality. Definitely coming back for more."
682,Absolutely gorgeous!😍 totally in love with this🙈
683,Absolutely LOVE it! I’m addicted to this beautiful jewellery. THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
684,"Love these, my first time ever trying out crawler earrings and just delighted. So comfortable to wear and love  how the hammered surface catches the light and gives a quiet sparkle every now and then!"
685,"They are so nice, I love them :)"
686,These ear climbers are so beautiful! They’re perfect for my second ear holes.
687,Simple & stunning x
688,"These are perfect, exactly what I was looking for. Thought they would be too long for my lobe but look great. I would buy again!"
689,Love this ear climber. So dainty and beautiful!
690,"great show stopper, bit difficult to get in my ear, but worth all the struggles"
691,"Such beautiful work, I thought this along with another item for my wedding day - simple effortless and stunning"
692,Thank you so much for my beautiful earrings. I absolutely love them. I don't usually wear earrings but I wear these all the time. They are so comfortable :)
693,I absolutely love these earrings!! I wear them almost every day. They are so comfortable... I’d love to get them in a different metal one day :). Thank you!!
694,These earrings are so nice. I love them and would definitely order from this seller again.
695,I got these to wear on my wedding day and I love them. I now wear them almost daily and get many compliments and queries about them.
696,Stunning!
697,They were the perfect addition to my wedding.
698,The quality of these earrings is great. They are dainty and beautiful and perfect for everyday wear or for a night out with the hubs. 🖤🖤
699,These were so cute and so much more than I expected! I absolutely love them!
700,"Just as pictured, dainty & beautiful!  These fit comfortably & look wonderful.  Claire was a dream to work with too!"
701,Beautiful earrings! I wear them as a set or just one and combine it with other earrings. So cool! And great quality. Love it 😍
702,So beautiful!
703,These are my favourite pair of evenings. They are simple yet stunning! Thank you.
704,I love these earrings and always get compliments whenever I wear them. They are great quality too!
705,"These ear climbers are beautiful and such good quality! 
Thank you so much"
706,Au top! Je pensais juste qu'il était plus doré mais c'est bien argenté. Mais tout le reste était au top
707,I got these for myself and they are so pretty and just as lovely as you see on Claire's Etsy page.  thanks
708,Love it! Fits perfectly and comfortably in my ears. So happy I purchased these! :)
709,Superduper cute and comfy earrings which go with pretty much any outfit. Def.  a favorite right now :)
710,These earrings are so elegant and pretty. I've been wearing them for less than an hour at work and have already had lots of compliments! Great jewelers I'd highly recommend.
711,"The ear climber arrived very quickly and was beautifully presented. I love wearing it, and have had several compliments about it! Thank you so much"
712,Love this amazing thank you so much. Treat for self x
713,These are beautiful! The backs close easily around my ear and have stayed put all day. Really pleased with these!
714,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT! so pretty and nicely made. Thank you
715,Love these! They look amazing on and are incredibly comfy to wear. I put rubber stoppers on the backs of mine as I seemed unable to keep them in place. Brilliant communication and very helpful with fast postage when asked. I Look forward to making my next purchase :)
716,Shipping took a while because of covid but not Claire’s fault. Absolutely love the earrings and would definitely recommend! Will for sure order again in the future :)
717,"I love this earring, it makes my ear just fabulous!"
718,These earrings are absolutely gorgeous and fit really snuggly and comfortably - it's almost as if they were custom made for my ears!
719,Absolutely love my adorable purchases. Thank you
720,Lovely earrings. Very pleased with them and they are so comfortable. They look good.
721,"These earrings are very beautiful,  exquisitely hand made and look fabulous on. I will definitely buy more in the near future, highly  recommend seller."
722,"Love these! Really  light, fine and easy to wear. Thank you Claire!"
723,Super cute
724,"I’d lost a single one a while ago so was very happy to be able to repurchase the missing side! I love these, they look so simple and chic"
725,Another gorgeous piece from MUKA! I'm gonna buy this whole shop eventually
726,"Love this beautifully crafted and timeless piece of jewellery. Was delivered earlier than I expected, thank you!"
727,Love it! It is so pretty and elegant.
728,"Really cool ear climber and so elegant, and really fast delivery!"
729,I love these earrings! Really pretty and elegant
730,"These are perfect. They are a quality material, they don’t irritate my sensitive ears, and they are the perfect length. The hammered finish almost gives them a slight sparkle."
731,"A gorgeous product, am tempted to get them in gold too !
They are comfortable to wear and stay in place well.
I have had lots of compliments on these earrings."
732,Love the quality and the look!!
733,Claire was so helpful when my shipping was delayed... she kept me in the loop and then let me know when the tracking finally updated. AND the earrings are gorgeous! Would recommend both the seller and product!
734,"Very chic and elegant ear climber. 
Fast delivery. I absolutely recommend.."
735,I’m so pumped about these! They’re spectacular!!!
736,Fast delivery.  No hassle purchase.  Beautiful item.  One v happy customer.
737,"Gorgeous earring, highly recommend"
738,Exactly as expected from the listing. Good quality. Gorgeous minimalist piece.
739,"I really love these. As well as looking really lovely, I have 3 piercing in my lobe but only wear one these days and this covers the other two holes a treat!"
740,Beautiful packaging and shipped quickly. My new favorite earrings. A fan of this shop!
741,"I received this pair of earrings earlier than I expected.

They are simple, beautiful and very classic. The art of jewellery!

Claire is a lady with great sensitivity.  

Many many thanks!"
742,Absolutely beautiful! Arrived so quickly and packaged with care.
743,The seller was lovely and kept me updated every step of the way. The earrings arrived this morning and I am delighted with them.
744,"I’ve ordered quite a few earrings, I keep coming back! I really enjoy all of them and very fast shipping! Thank you!"
745,Super cute—simple and classy.
746,Love these. Just the right amount of simple and unique.
747,Great purchase!
748,Great quality 👍🏻😍
749,Love these. Beautiful and comfortable.  Well made.
750,So many compliments on these earrings!!! Could not be happier with my purchase.
751,The earrings are beautiful and very unique! Thank you so much!!
752,Beautiful and great quality. Would definitely recommend!
753,Love the design and it’s super comfy.  Only downside is there is not an earring back for the post and it can slip out.  Mine did during a shower.  U can always buy those separately tho.
754,Lovely and original earrings! I have worn them and they are really comfortable and shine very beautiful.
755,I love the earrings!  Thank you!  So fun!
756,"Love them, thank you!"
757,"Agréablement surprise, très jolies!
Merci."
758,Amazing earrings!! I highly recommend!
759,"A delicate touch that looks very pretty, the metal sparkles when it picks up light.  Very easy to put on, and very comfortable wearing."
760,Lovely earrings with a perfect fit. I would definitely recommend this shop!
761,Love my new crawler's and I cannot believe how quickly I received them! I will be purchasing more for ladies in my family for Christmas!
762,Absolutely perfect! Just what I was looking for.
763,So happy with these earrings!
764,Claire is so sweet and the earrings are absolutely beautiful. My momma loved them for Mother’s Day.
765,This is the second pair I ordered and again very satisfied with them! Great quality and a unique look
766,"Beautiful! High quality and they fit nicely too. 
Thank you!"
767,The shipping was a struggle (thanks COVID and USPS) but Claire was very helpful throughout the whole process. The earrings finally arrived and they are wonderful!
768,"Very pretty and comfortable to wear, would definitely purchase from this seller again"
769,"LOVE THEM!
Transaction fast, everything perfect thank you"
770,"This is my second time buying these earrings, this time as a gift for a friend. Whenever I wear mine I always get complimented on them!"
771,Lovey quality earrings and an affordable price.
772,"Couldn’t be happier with this purchase, thanks so much for such a great service xx"
773,Nice shop to deal with. Unusual design. Really happy with them
774,Purchased for my sister who is quite picky with style and comfort. She loves the earrings and is wearing them every day. Thank you
775,"Beautiful and fast delivery, thank you!"
776,Really love these earrings! As described. Arrived quickly. Lovely.
777,"Nicely made, arrived earlier than expected.
Would recommend.
Bought as a gift.
Would give this product 5 + stars."
778,Alles bestens! Vielen Dank! :-))
779,Earrings are great quality and arrived so quickly. Thank you!
780,"Lovely earrings, so well made and quick delivery! Thank you"
781,LOVE! I purchased a pair as a gift for my sister and loved them so much I purchased gold and silver pairs for myself :)
782,Promptly delivery. They look great.
783,"Grimpeur d’oreille à la beauté discrète, et aux très belles finitions👍😎"
784,Really lovely earrings. Speedy delivery too!
785,My daughter loved these earrings.
786,Beautiful earrings. I have never seen something like this :)
787,"Lovely, exactly what I wanted. Thank you!"
788,Beautiful earrings. Great design and very comfortable. Received them very quickly too
789,They arrived elegantly packaged and are as beautiful in person as in the photograph. Thank you.
790,"Well made, comfortable and fit perfectly"
791,"I love these earrings. They arrived quickly, too."
792,Beautiful earrings.  Very happy..
793,"Beautiful earrings, just as advertised however, the stem that sits in my earlobe is a little long so often the earring doesn’t sit flush with the ear and sticks up which is irritating. It’s like it needs a shorter rod inside the ear. Otherwise lovely."
794,very nice and fast delivery :)
795,"Great seller , amazing earrings 
Love them"
796,"My sister asked for these as gift, and they are lovely in person."
797,A lovely item - always get lots of comments.
798,"Beautifully packaged, just what I wanted. Thank you!"
799,"Great earrings, well made and comfortable to wear."
800,Great quality and quick shipping! Wound but from again. Thanks!
801,Wonderful. My girlfriends loves them. Beautifully made.
802,Beautiful jewellery.  Bought as gift which I'm sure she will love.
803,I was very disappointed. They were too small. They wouldn’t stay turned correct. I have several other pair from another vender that I love.
804,"Beautiful. Bought as a gift, tempted to get some for myself!"
805,Bought as a gift. Beautiful and a total hit!
806,Bought this for a Christmas gift for my sister - she absolutely loves them and they look really pretty in the ear. Thank you
807,"Lovely jewellery, thank you!!"
808,Purchased as a Christmas gift. The recipient loved them.
809,Very painful to put on. Ear is very irritated after wearing
810,"I just adore everything about this cool ring. Awesome design, really beautiful tourmaline with so many shades of forest green. I love the vibes of this gorgeous ring... A million thanks to a very talented artist!"
811,Beautiful matching wedding rings. We love them! Perfect size after Rachel sent us a tool to find our size.
812,"La poésie de cette bague, la pureté douce de ce galet m'ont émue ! Quelle joie en la découvrant, je suis si fière de la porter ! Merci Rachel pour votre talent👍"
813,"Spedizione puntuale, articolo bello e moglie felice! Oggetto come da aspettative e di ottima fattura! Bravi bravi."
814,"La bague est magnifique, le bijou d'excellente qualité comm d'habitude. Je l'adore. Merci"
815,"Très belle bague, fine et raffinée. Un vrai travail de créatrice et de joaillerie, qui conserve la beauté des matériaux brut. Je suis très contente de mon choix."
816,"Un peu déçue par le saphir que j'imaginais plus lumineux. Pas bien grave, le bracelet fait qd même son petit effet mais c'est la pierre par elle-même que je trouvais intéressante. Cela ne m'empêchera pas de faire d'autres achats ici."
817,"Les boucles sont très belles et de bonne qualité 
Merci"
818,"Exactly as described and pictured. The seller was prompt to respond to my questions, make the bracelet, and ship my order. I am very happy with the quality of the materials and craftsmanship. I love this bracelet that I had made to celebrate my son's birth."
819,"Le bracelet est juste PARFAIT, Rachel est à l'écoute,son travail est géniale, je porte ses bijoux depuis de longues années et je les aiment toujours autant.Merci Rachel pour tout mes petits trésors."
820,"Tan bellos aretes!! Me encanta Los mucho!
I had to wait a bit since earrings were coming from overseas but they were worth the wait! Everyone compliments me on these earrings. I love that the back jacket has three different holes in which to place the front piercing....that way the jacket looks good for all different shapes of earlobes."
821,Edgy and fierce. Love these! Slow shipping but hey it's coming from overseas! Worth the wait. I get compliments every time I wear them.
822,"I saw this design in an Etsy promotional email, and I knew I had to have it! It's the first earring with a jacket that I had ever seen, and I love how delicate it looks. People say it looks like spikes, but it looks like a star with its beams of light to me. I love it so much. The earrings and the jacket are both well made and sturdy. Despite being based in Spain, they shipped quickly and arrived within a week!"
823,"These are beautiful earrings that give just enough interest to an outfit. I love wearing them with just regular tees or with casual dresses. I got them in gold and they perfectly complement my boyish pixie cut. 

Lalia quickly shipped my purchase the day after I ordered them, but because she's based in Spain, it took about a week and a half to get to the U.S. (just to give you a heads up). The earrings are well worth the wait though, I promise!!"
824,"They’re cute. However they are completely uneven, and do not fit each ear even remotely evenly. Also if you have sensitive skin beware, this material will give you complications if you have metal sensitivies. They also fall out a lot. But at least they’re cute!"
825,Love these earrings.  They are beautifully made and the ability to adjust them is genius to achieve the perfect fit.  This was my first purchase from this seller and I am so happy to have found this lovely shop!
826,"With three settings for how low the spikes hang from the stud this fits perfectly around my ear.  Very happy with how it looks and with only a little difficulty lining it up the first time I wore them I've found it very easy to put in and take out, it's very easy to hold while lining it up."
827,"These are just great, really original looking. Speedy shipping. Only downside is that they're fiddly as hell to put on, but that's not a flaw in these earrings, just what you get with this style! Would definitely purchase from here again."
828,Totally in love with the jewelry + fast delivery!
829,"I’m SO happy with these earrings! Dainty, yet edgy. Not too big. Great quality. Just awesome. I’ll be coming back to this seller again and again, thank you!!!"
830,I loved these💕😍
831,"It came exactly as described! I love it. My ears are very sensitive to different types of material and these earrings don't irritate them at all. Great customer service, shipped fast, beautiful earrings. Definitely 5 stars!"
832,Love these earrings! This was my 2nd time ordering and gifting family members who liked them after seeing me wear them. They LOVE them. This took an extremely long time to receive (due to COVID) but it was worth the wait.
833,"The wait was worth it! Blown away by the quality, Bylia! 100% will buy again."
834,"I bought this gift for my petite niece's 40th birthday. Before receiving them I was a little nervous about how well they would fit but there are three holes at the back of the earring which allow for some adjustment and this was not a problem. They arrived with me, in the U.K., from Spain, in 4 working days which was great. My niece was delighted to have such an usual pair of earrings. I thought them elegant, well made, high quality and, finally, nicely presented and I would recommend this item. I couldn't have asked for more, many thanks. Tina"
835,These are crazy wonderful! I just love them! Gives just that subtle edge.
836,I love this - it has three holes in the back so you can adjust to fit your lobe properly.  Beautiful earrings!
837,"I absolutely love these! 
Thank you 😊"
838,Love it!
839,I love my new earrings! They’re so chic! I always receive tons of complements!
840,"These earrings are perfect! so unique, fun and edgy! Love them!"
841,"Love these! Edgy, but minimalist and quite simply beautiful to look at. Arrived super quick and just at pictured."
842,Dainty with a little edge. Perfect 👌🏻
843,Chic! Love these earring! Would purchase from this shop again.
844,Me encantaron. I love them. Beautifully made.
845,"Both types of earrings I purchased are my new favorites! Beautiful, simple, uncommon. I absolutely love them."
846,I love these earrings. They are funky and delicate at the same time. What a great gift! I will be buying myself a pair soon too once I get through Christmas:)
847,Absolutely love these earrings! They're really unique. Gracias!
848,The earrings are great.   The ordering process was smooth and overall a great experience.  I would use this vendor again
849,I love this they look great and feel amazing
850,Absolutely love these!!!!! They look unique and fab
851,"Loved all the earings I bought. Super cute, great quality! thanks!"
852,Really enjoying the quality of these earrings. Fast shipping too! 5stars for me
853,"Love these earrings! Super stylish and I like that there are multiple holes in the jacket part to make sure you get the right fit for your ear. 

Definitely recommend this shop, great quality items and she is very attentive and friendly. 

Thanks Lalia! :)"
854,These are amazing!! Perfect for all ear sizes as they are adjustable
855,Looks just like the photo. These earrings are super cool and unique!
856,Beautiful earrings!! I love them so much!!
857,Article arrivé dans les temps. Il correspond totalement à ce que j'attendais. Je suis très satisfaite!
858,Love the spike earrings!!! They are so cute and also like how they are adjustable.
859,"sehr hübsch! genau wie beschrieben, passt super und durch die unterschiedlichen Einstellmöglichkeiten auch für verschieden große Ohrläppchen passend. außerdem sehr schnell geliefert!"
860,Love love love my purchase. Exactly as expected and quick shipping. I'll be purchasing from here again.
861,Superbes boucles d'oreilles ! Elles rendent exactement comme je me l'étais imaginé :)
862,Prompt receipt. Looks exactly as shown. Very cute!
863,I love these earrings! Very lightweight and they fit perfectly. Would definitely order from this shop again!
864,Impressed with the quality! And even more impressed with how fast I received my package in the U.S.
865,I was a bit upset when I first opened these earrings and they kept falling out of my ears. I would up putting on rubber stoppers behind the post and that worked like a charm. I’ve gotten a few compliments and I really like them!
866,I absolutely LOVE these earrings! They are amazing!
867,I love these earrings. They are so cute !
868,Absolutely Beautiful! Thankyou
869,"Beautiful and interesting earrings , comes with ajustable lenght on earlobe , that make it comfortable to wear .Came really fast despite the fact that came from far .Buy with confidence ! ."
870,Exactly as pictured. Fast shipping and I'm in love with them. Will order other items. LOVE! Thank you!!
871,These are amazing! My daughter stole them immediately from me so I now I need to order more!  Thank you!
872,Sooooo tolle verrückte Ohrstecker. Hat nicht jeder. 😉 Tolle Verarbeitung und Qualität. Lieben Dank! 💐
873,"Beautiful and dainty spiked ear jacket, just as pictured. I appreciate the gold plating which prevents allergic reaction with base metals. I looked elsewhere for the same design, but this was the best price by far. Thank you!"
874,They arrived really quickly and I just love them. It's good that they're adjustable and you can wear it as an ear jacket or just the stud on its own. So pretty
875,These earrings are simple yet stunning! They were exactly what I was hoping for.
876,Preciosos y originales pendientes. Muy contenta con todas las compras de esta tienda. Muchas gracias!!!😍😍
877,Love these earrings!
878,Waited a month for this to arrive because of pandemic shipping delays but it was well worth the wait. So unique and edgy yet classy.
879,Love these earrings! I’ve received so many compliments and they go with everything!
880,Sehr schön!
881,These are awesome. They have multiple holes to fit different sized earlobes.
882,So much fun! Dainty but packs a punch in the unexpected jacket. Definitely recommend.
883,"this looks great, I'm really happy with it!"
884,"it's perfect!'
thank you"
885,Originali e mettibili nel quotidiano! :)
886,"Just wonderful !  
They're exactly like the picture! Very subtle and elegant, perfect in every occasion!"
887,I always look for something different and I love them!
888,"Super cute & appears to be good quality. Since I live in the U.S., I did not get updated shipping information once the product left Spain, so there was a gap of >2 weeks when I got no updated tracking information, but the shop owner was very responsive, & I did receive the product as promised. Would buy again!"
889,"Love these ear jackets! They are look delicate and are very well made. Also, great communication with the shop throughout the purchase process. Earrings also came in beautiful packaging. Would be excellent as a gift or for yourself!"
890,Love! These are beautiful and love that you can select how long they hang from your ear lobe.
891,"Bonjour, oui je l'ai reçu rapidement, merci! ces boucles me plaisent beaucoup et sont comme sur la photo."
892,"Bought these for my granddaughter for her birthday, she said they were perfect!!! Loved working with this seller will buy from her again"
893,"Simply Beautiful, great craftsmanship! Looks just like pictures"
894,love it!!! thank you
895,beautiful! back doesn't always hold fast but other than that a fantastic and gorgeous product.
896,The earrings look great and fit every size of earlobe.
897,"Exactly as photo shown - really happy with the quality and look of the earrings! Delivered quickly, and in nice packaging!"
898,Love these. They’re so cute! I like how there are different sizing options.
899,These are so cool and super fun. Received tons of compliments.
900,"Beautiful and unique, I will be a return customer!"
901,Gorgeous! Very happy with purchase!
902,I love these earrings!
903,"This is the first pair of ear jackets I’ve ever purchased, and, man, did I struggle to get them on. They are so pretty though!"
904,Would order from here again. Earrings are super cute.
905,COVID delayed the shipping but the owner was so wonderful to talk to and even refunded me Incase they didn’t show up.. which to my surprise they did show up. I love them
906,"Super dainty earrings, love them :)"
907,Excellent quality!
908,Love these. Way more unique than my other earrings. Has three different adjustments to account for different ear sizes.
909,"Just as expected - and I realised I could use the jackets with any other stud earring, so can mix and match as well. Pretty and a little bit different."
910,"Came in a reasonable amount of time. Good quality silver. Been wearing them nonstop since I got them and my ears haven't turned grey.

I'm satisfied."
911,Super cute! I love it
912,I love these gold jackets!
913,"Funky set of earrings. Well made and beautifully packaged. Fast delivery, too. Thank you!"
914,Love!!!!!  Just as pictured!!!
915,"Cute earrings! The delivery took a while due to postal delays, but that was worth the wait! Can't wait to wear them out!"
916,SHipped fast and the earrings are beautiful!
917,Beautiful earrings! They are great quality and don’t irritate my ears like so many do.
918,Stunning. Prompt shipping. Different earrings
919,"Bought as a present for my sister. She loves 'em! Beautiful and delivered in an easy, fast fashion."
920,"Very nice-looking, exactly as it is on the photo. Fast delivery."
921,War ein Weihnachtsgeschenk und ist super angekommen.
922,Have immediately become my fave earrings! Edgy and get tons of compliments
923,I love these earrings! However they took 5 weeks to arrive.
924,Beautiful! Just like the picture but better!
925,Awesome and unique earrings - 2 ways wearable and looks great either way!
926,excellent quality.  easy to wear every day
927,Really cute.  Like how they can fit different size earrings and lobe placement.
928,Another beautiful item from you!! Thank you so much!
929,Shipping in short time and very rock look! Nice <3
930,"Très bien les boucles sont très jolies.
Merci"
931,"beautiful, just as described, and arrived quickly!"
932,Very cool pair of earrings
933,Amazing earrings and fast shipping!
934,The second order within ten days.  Thanks again for the beautiful earrings!😊😊😊
935,"Très jolies boucles d’oreilles, belle qualité, envoi très rapide et soigné"
936,Gorgeous earrings and very prompt service. Thank you
937,"did not like the color, but products is okay. Worth the price."
938,Very satisfied with the purchase. Thanks a lot!
939,Lovely earrings and they arrived so fast!
940,Great customer service. Fast shipping.
941,Bought as birthday present for my sister. She loves them!
942,"Very cute earrings, thank you!"
943,"I had lost most of my earrings when I bought these. These easily replace most of my earrings, not much reason to wear any other. Very nice."
944,"Beautiful earrings, they come well presented and I am happy with the purchase. My only complaint is that after wearing them they started to change colour (the park that goes inside the piercing) and so it made my ears a bit itchy. I have sensitive skin."
945,Bought as a gift for a friend. Arrived promptly and was just as pictured. My friend loved it!
946,"lovely earrings, verry happy with them!"
947,Very pretty and will make a nice gift.
948,"It is not so nice as in the photograph ,very light and tiny"
949,"Great earrings, thank you :)"
950,Nice pair of earrings. Thanks
951,I haven’t gotten this item in the mail yet it’s been almost a month
952,"This seemed to take a long time to arrive, but it did arrive toward the end of the time frame given. The clasp of one earring did not stay on and the 3 pieces fell apart easily. After several communications and sending requested pictures of the earring, the seller did identify the problem and outline a way for me to fix it. Seller always replied to my comments within 1 business day. However, it was frustrating to have to go through a ""fix it"" process at all."
953,They are SO cute! I got my husband’s initials and they are so well made and I am beyond happy with my purchase! 💗
954,I absolutely love my earrings!  I love that my twinkies’ first name initials will always be with me 💙❤️
955,Obsessed with these earrings - super cute and affordable I have been wearing them basically daily. Perfect addition to any outfit really. I also bought a pair for my best friend as a gift!
956,Love them 😍
957,Love love love!
958,"SO cute, love them. Thank you for allowing me to be able to pick different letter to represent each of my babies!"
959,"Love this earring! It’s a bit bigger than I expected, but still so beautiful!"
960,shop was responsive and easy to work with. they came in the requested time! gift recipients loved them!
961,shop was responsive and easy to work with. they came in the requested time! gift recipients loved them!
962,"Great quality, shipping time was off by almost a week but it’s the season!!! We’re decent size not too big but perfect for my 10 yr old initials!"
963,Dainty and perfect. Just what I was looking for. Very happy with my purchase.
964,Just perfect for my daughter!
965,"These are SO cute and so simply great! 
I ordered a set for my furrbabies names, loved them and then came back and ordered sets for gifts. 
So great!  I recommend taking the earrings out at night before sleep or before pulling a hoodie over your head."
966,I love all these earrings so much! The posts are very delicate though and one was bent on receiving. Still functioning though. I’d definitely purchase more from this shop
967,Really cute! Fast shipping! Loved that I didn’t have to order the two letters separately.
968,These are beautiful. Shipped so quickly. Such an easy transaction.  Got a pair for my daughter with her two daughters initials as a Covid cheer up gift :-) and she loved them so much I ordered a pair for a new mom with her two children’s  initials! So good.
969,love them! super cute and they came so fast!!
970,Super cute and great quality. Everything shipped right away too! Only wish my “t” and “l” would have been a little bigger or in capital form.
971,Dainty and lovely! Happy with my purchase!
972,"These earrings are so cute and they seem fairly sturdy. I was a bit hesitant that they would be super thin for the price but I am very pleased with them. They were shipped and delivered very quickly too, thank you!  I will be back for another set !"
973,So cute!
974,these look so cute in my daughter's ears!!
975,"I ordered 2 different letters and I love them. I can’t speak to long term quality, but they seem great and the size is perfect"
976,Dainty and lovely! As expected.
977,"The earrings were so cute and the seller is very helpful & prompt. Shipping was crazy fast as well, even this close to Christmas!:)"
978,"I bought two different letters for my initials - and I LOVE them. The font is fun and unique, they’re the perfect size, and shipping was really fast.
So happy!"
979,Unique. beautiful and so special. Love them.
980,Absolutely love!! After I lost my daughters “S” earrings she was so upset. Company is such a life savor!
981,"Love these, so cute and such good quality!!!"
982,I love them so much that in the future I’m planning on ordering again for my daughters.
983,I got my earring today and love it! Its the perfect size. Thats the only reason I was reluctant on purchasing more. Def ordering again! Thank you so much!
984,Loved them!! 🤗 Thank you!
985,Loved them!! 🤗 Thank you!
986,Beautiful piece of jewelry and great shop owner--the first piece I received was flawed and she sent a new one with no trouble! Very good customer service and quality product.
987,I love this statement stud!
988,"These are so cute, arrived quickly, and look exactly as shown! I am very happy with this purchase!"
989,I bought a couple of these and they are all so cute! Love them!
990,LOVE these!!! Arrived quickly and exactly how pictured.
991,My 2nd order! Great guality. Well made!! Thank you!
992,looks so cute but expensive shipping
993,Very cute and well made! Fast shipping too.
994,Very cute and well made! Fast shipping too.
995,Just as imagined and dainty! I love them!!!
996,Love these earrings. Perfect size.
997,I love them❣️Dainty yet bold😍🤎
998,Ordered these as a Christmas present for my sister! Super cute and dainty. She loved them and shipping was super fast which was a plus!
999,"For now, they are good, I hope they don't get ugly or fade. And they are really tiny. But they are pretty"
1000,These are beautiful and perfectly made
1001,Adorable earrings! Shipping was super fast.
1002,So cute!! My daughter loves them!
1003,So dainty and perfect! Shipped quickly and very nicely packaged. Great earrings!
1004,Fast shipping. Easy transaction. Great product! Will definitely order from again.
1005,Quickly resent items that were lost in the mail. Super easy to deal with
1006,Very cute product. Priced right. Quick shipping will order from them again.
1007,Very cute product. Priced right. Quick shipping will order from them again.
1008,Super cute &  Good quality!
1009,"The earrings arrived in cute packaging and are exactly as described. They are dainty, yet well made and I know my sisters will love them - I only wish I would've ordered a pair for myself!"
1010,"Super quick delivery, even from overseas. Beautiful earrings."
1011,These look amazing in my second peircing
1012,"Absolutely beautiful! Fast ship, lovely seller. Will buy from again."
1013,"Absolutely beautiful! Fast ship, lovely seller. Will buy from again."
1014,"Love my earrings, they’re perfect, I wear them everyday!"
1015,Super cute and dainty but the posts bent when taking of the protective bit.
1016,These are exactly what we were looking for!
1017,Super cute and arrived quickly. Happy with my purchase!
1018,"Love me earring! Exactly as pictured, and quick shipping."
1019,Arrived quickly and item is simple and elegant; just my style. Happy with purchase.
1020,Was exactly what I expected they're super cute!
1021,These are cute but I wish the description had included a measurement. They were a bit smaller than I expected. However they are really cute and arrived super fast.
1022,Perfect size for my second hole. Super fast shipping! Thank you!
1023,Perfect size for my second hole. Such fast shipping! Thank you!
1024,"Super cute. I can’t wait to wear them. Just wish they were a little bit bigger, but they’re still cute."
1025,My sister loves these; thank you!
1026,These were so cute and the 9 year old I gave them too loved them.
1027,Quick shipping from the seller.
1028,These are perfect! They’re tiny but make a great gift for newly pierced ears!
1029,Just what I wanted - everything great!  Thanks!
1030,Just what I wanted - everything great!  Thanks!
1031,"Such beautiful pair of earrings 😍❤️ 
It came nicely packed!"
1032,Bought these as a gift. I have my own pair so I know my friend will love them. Simple and elegant!
1033,My daughter loves them. I want some myself.
1034,Beautiful earrings and super quick delivery.
1035,fast shipping and quick response!
1036,"Just received these and I have to say they're really nice. BUT, with that being said, the part that goes through the ear hole is very flimsy. Tried to put the backing through for the first time and it bent already. Not sure if it will hold up. Wish it was made of stronger material."
1037,Just what I wanted - these are great!  Thank you
1038,Product was just what i wanted and came pretty fast
1039,Great and fun product. Shipped fast. Thanks
1040,Love this for a gift!
1041,Beautiful earrings! I bought a pair for my daughter and she loves them!
1042,Great earnings.  My daughter is going to love them.
1043,"Really Nice, perfect size"
1044,Not big or small just the perfect fit
1045,Earrings shipped quickly & are exactly what I was looking for.
1046,Ordered an L.  It looks like maybe a J or a cursive L with a chunk out of it.  They refuned my money becauseI wasn't happy. The other letters were perfect.  Will order from them again
1047,Fast shipping and great product!
1048,"These earrings hurt my ears.... I've never been sensitive to jewelry, especially genuine silver and gold, but there's something in the material of these that isn't just silver or gold."
1049,Super sweet earrings. Bought them as a gift and the person looooved them!
1050,LOVE! getting more for gifts!
1051,"Super cute, great gift idea"
1052,Item was exactly what I was looking for. Shipped quickly.
1053,"I LOVE this ear cuff. 😍 It is absolutely stunning and easily the most beautiful piece of jewelry I own. Plus, the sizing and dimensions were just right for my ear. There’s a post for pierced ears on the bottom and a wrap around clamp for the cartilage on top. I wore this as a part of a “queen” costume at an event where I was dancing all night and the cuff stayed on really well... which is saying a lot cause I really move my head around when I dance. It did get a bit painful on the top, especially when it got brushed while hugging people, but the clamp is adjustable, so loosening it did help a bit. It’s so beautiful, though, that it was worth any discomfort. Also, I paid for 1-3 day shipping and it did take a week to come to the States, so just be sure to plan accordingly. It’s worth the wait!"
1054,"Absolutely LOVE the cuff. It fits perfectly and stays in place. Customs were rediculously expensive though, but it's still a really beautiful ear accessory!"
1055,"Vraiment déçue et choquée par la qualité du produit étant donné son prix. 
Sans oublier que le facteur à ma porte m’a facturé 47€ de “frais de douane” alors qu’ils ne sont mentionnés nulle part dans l’annonce!!!
Attention, ne vous faites pas avoir!!!!"
1056,Beautiful craftsmanship! Simple and elegant. I’m very happy with this piece!
1057,Absolutely gorgeous earrings. I love that there's an adjustable clasp at the top portion to keep the earrings in place! The only drawback is that they took a little less than a month to arrive (overseas shipping).
1058,Very beautiful ear climber and matching stud. Fantastic quality. Would absolutely buy again.
1059,So beautiful.. 😍..I will rate the seller 10/10..A+++
1060,Love them! The perfect pretty show stoppers for my sister's wedding.
1061,I am so happy with these earrings. I’ll be wearing these on my wedding day and can’t wait to show them off! Thank you!
1062,Love these earrings!  Will add some unique sparkle to different outfits.
1063,En attente de commande! C’est un scandale
1064,Very beautiful piece. I’m very excited to wear it in Palm Springs!
1065,"I ordered these in rose gold and then messaged the shop on the same day of purchase to see if I could actually request the same ones in silver instead. The shop owner confirmed that this was possible and asked me to provide a link to the color I wanted, which I did.

I ordered them at the end of December for an event on February 1st. They just arrived and they’re beautiful but they’re rose gold instead of silver. Because the shipping took so long, I won’t be able to have this corrected in time for my event. My fault for changing the color but I am bummed that the shop owner wasn’t able to make the correction after confirming."
1066,"Thank You for changing my order for me , I really appreciate it. The ear crawlers are really pretty!"
1067,"So this is my second engagement ring, we got it to match my fiancé’s wedding band since his is grey/black with black diamonds + rose gold trim. It’s so beautiful in person and people love it! 
I put a photo of the 2 ct. salt and pepper ring with rose gold alongside my original ring (not from etsy) which is a .65 center white diamond for comparison. My ring size is a 3.5. The seller was very nice and sent me a video and photo of the diamond she would use."
1068,I can’t stop staring at my new engagement ring! Honestly it’s one of the prettiest rings I’ve ever seen. My fiancé is very proud of it and I’m a very happy fiancée. He says his favorite part is how much I love it. Lena was amazing and patient answering all our questions about fitting it with wedding bands we had from my grandma. She even gave us a little sneak video to help with our excitement (though to be honest it was all my excitement)!  Shipping was incredibly fast! I hear nothing but compliments when people notice my ring!
1069,"This ring looks so amazing! I’ve never seen a prettier ring, and my now fiancée absolutely loves it! The picture doesn’t do it justice. It looks so much better in person. I could not be happier about my purchase."
1070,"Words can’t even describe how impressed I was! At first I was skeptical ordering a ring without seeing it in person. However I’m so glad I did! Lena was amazing throughout the whole process! My boyfriend and I picked out this ring together as my engagement ring, but has not yet proposed, so waiting to officially wear it! Highly recommend this shop! They were very flexible with payments and doing custom sizing. Couldn’t have had a better experience!"
1071,"I could not have asked for a more incredible experience or ring. Lena was so incredibly helpful and kind, and her work absolutely speaks for itself. Here’s what my (now) fiancée had to say:

“This ring is everything I’ve ever wanted. It’s perfectly petite yet makes SUCH a statement! I haven’t had it on a full 24 hours and can’t even count how many people have said ‘that is by far the most beautiful ring I’ve ever seen.’”"
1072,"Love love love love love. The top photo shows the contrast in direct sunlight, and the bottom is inside. Depending on the lighting the grey will be more pronounced. (The colors seen in the bottom photo are from a stained glass window reflecting nearby!) I absolutely love this ring and am so glad we chose to order from Lena. She answered any and every question I had and the ring took only 3 days to arrive once shipped. After spending weeks looking for a salt and pepper diamond, I was thrilled to come across this listing. If you are even considering a salt and pepper diamond, do not hesitate to inquire about this beauty!"
1073,"From the fiancé:
 
I found Lena on Etsy several years ago while browsing for jewelry, and instantly fell in love with her beautiful rings. Even before dating my now-fiancé, I dreamily “favorited” this emerald engagement ring, thinking that someday I’d be engaged to the love of my life with this ring on my finger. I can’t believe that day has finally come! It is even more beautiful in-person and I couldn’t be happier with Lena’s craftsmanship! Most importantly, the ring has special significance to me knowing that it was handmade in Israel where I was born, spent the first five years of my life, and still visit to see family. Thank you, Lena, for being a part of this memorable time in our lives!"
1074,"I couldn’t be happier with my rings! Lena worked so hard to make sure my wedding band fit perfectly with my engagement ring - and was extremely prompt and easy to communicate with. She is so genuinely kind and went above and beyond in ensuring that I was completely thrilled with my rings. Our wedding day was perfection!! Lena is creative, sweet, and thoughtful! I love my rings!"
1075,"Lena from sevencaratshop was incredibly helpful in helping me acquire this ring for my now fiancée. All of her jewelry looks great and is easy to find on her Etsy page. She had it sized and shipped halfway across the world in minimal time, I was able to propose much earlier than anticipated. The quality of the diamond is pristine, such an exquisite cut I even find myself taking closer looks at it! Of course she said yes, and now the only thing shining brighter than the ring is my gorgeous fiancées smile. She loves showing it off and it’s all thanks to Lena at sevencaratshop! I will be a repeat customer in the future for sure!"
1076,"The whole process of selecting a ring, custom designing it, delivering etc. has been amazing with Lena. The ring itself is stunning and I could not be happier with it. My partner is in love with it, she thinks that it is the perfect ring. She has compliments everywhere we go.
I cannot speak highly enough of Lena's customer service, despite being nervous about ordering online I felt I had better customer service than buying from a shop. I would 100% to recommend SevenCaratShop to anyone looking for beautiful unique jewelry. 
Thank you Lena, you have been amazing!"
1077,"I received my diamond ring and I was absolutely delighted with the quality and workmanship! I tried to capture its brilliance in the photo, the diamond is stunning! I am very pleased, and so is my husband! I will not hesitate to purchase again from Lena!"
1078,Lena is great to work with! She created a custom order so I could have a wedding ring that fit perfectly with my engagement ring!
1079,"From the fiancée- It's absolutely gorgeous! It took about two weeks to ship, and then it arrived within 4 days. It fits perfectly and the stones are exactly what I wanted. My fiancé proposed at the zoo, and the polar bear came up to admire the ring immediately. We also got some wonderful photos of the sea lions swimming by to take a peek! I'm so happy with this ring, I can't stop staring at it and I'm so happy we went with Lena! Thank you for creating such a beautiful engagement ring that I'll wear and cherish forever!"
1080,"Absolutely beautiful ring! I was very apprehensive about buying without seeing but Lena was very communicative and I’d read all the reviews beforehand. It’s so stunning! The halo ring means a lot to me as I sadly lost my Dad in May and I wanted something beautiful to look at every day that reminds me of my lovely,  shining star. Thank you Lena x"
1081,Absolutely beautiful ring! Can’t stop staring at it and constantly get compliments on it. Would Never go to another jeweler. She takes excellent care with my jewelry and goes out of her way to make sure it’s perfect!
1082,"I couldn’t be happier with the custom set that Lena built for me! Pictures don’t do it justice, it is so beautiful and I couldn’t be more in love with it! Lena was amazing to work with and made the process of purchasing something so important and an international purchase a little less intimidating. She really did everything she could to ease any anxiety about such a big purchase that I was never able to see in person until it arrived. Thank you so much!"
1083,"Really nice piece. Fast shipment. Very nice people to do business with. Lena really went above and beyond my expectations of customer service. 

Only thing, I wish I would have realized the size. It appears larger than it is in the photo, but my mistake, as the size is listed in the description. I have attached a photo. Wish I had a better photo to send, but I'm behind on posting a review as I received this more than a months ago. The chain in the photo is my own. It was not purchased with the pendant. 

Moving forward, I can overlook the size, as it really is a beautiful piece that attracts a lot of compliments. Thank you Lena for your awesome customer service!!  👌🏼😘"
1084,I just received my rings! I was pretty nervous ordering such a high dollar item on the internet but I will buy all of my jewelry from Lena at SevenCarat! The rings are absolutely stunning and everything I had hoped!
1085,"Lena made a beautiful ring! It is exactly what I hoped. Everyone thinks it's quite beautiful and elegant. The experience of her helping design it was quite easy, and I got exactly what I wanted! Thanks!"
1086,I love this ring and so does my Fiancé. The fact it is hand made and the diamonds are not conflict stones really appealed to me. The design looks really elegant. The customer service was outstanding. They even allowed me to make payments on the ring. They're awesome thank you guys
1087,"She said YES to her dream ring! She loves it, thank you!!"
1088,Beautiful pair of diamond earrings.  I love them.  Thank you so much ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
1089,"I can,t speak highly enough of Lena,s personal level of service and communication. Absolutely beautiful earrings, couldn,t be happier!"
1090,"So impressed with this ring, and most importantly, so was my (now) fiance! The ring absolutely stuns, totally sparkles in the light. The small diamonds are perfect, as is the main diamond.

Diamond has no visible inclusions, and the price was such a tremendous value.

Lena contacted me within hours of setting up the order, got the ring in roughly 10 days which was fantastic!

Could not be happier, thank you so much!"
1091,I got this as a gift to myself and I absolutely love it! I get compliments all the time. I'm not a good enough photographer to show how beautiful this is. If I ever want to splurge on me again I know where to go.
1092,Love the detailing. Don't care for how they sit in the ear. Delivery was great.
1093,"I was immensely impressed with Lena's craftsmanship. The ring was exactly what I wanted. 

I was having so much trouble finding something that met my budget and also spoke to me. 

I even had a crazy delivery deadline and Lena did everything in her power to get my order all the way to Canada in time for my flight to San Francisco to ask my girlfriend to marry to me. 

(She said yes, by the way).

Blown away by Lena's customer service and artistry. Could not have asked for more.

Thank you so very much.

-Carolyn from Canada :)"
1094,"Its more beautiful in reality than the picture, can't be more happier with service and the product, my wife felt like queen today, I awfully thank you."
1095,"After much searching, my fiancée and I were glad to find Lena's Sevencaratshop. Lena's designs are beautiful, elegant and timeless. 

Lena went to considerable lengths to make sure my fiancée was happy with the gold diamond engagement ring I purchased, demonstrating great care not only in her craftsmanship but also for her customer's satisfaction. 

Thanks, Lena, for helping to make our engagement a pleasant one. We greatly appreciate you and your work!"
1096,Love my ring! Lena was so easy to work with and had great communication. Highly recommended!
1097,"The garnet stud earrings set in 14K white gold were gorgeous! The stones were superior quality, very deeply colored and clear. The goldwork was truly professional.
The gift box was beautiful and so was the luxe gift bag.
Delivery was swift, and secure (I had to sign for the package). 
I loved the idea that these earrings were handmade and not mass produced. That made them extra special.
Most of all, my daughter LOVED them!
I would recommend Lena at SevenKarat without hesitation.
Thank you very much, Lena! 💖💖💖"
1098,First I was uncertain to order a diamond ring online. I was scared to get scammed. But now Im so glad to trusted Lena. The ring is even more beautiful life. Lena was always answering me fast. I can remmonded everyone who isn´t sure to buy a ring online. And the price/performance ratio is great. Thank you so much Lena!!!
1099,"Very fast shipping considering the ring came from Israel. I liked that the seller used Fedex vs the postal service.

The ring is gorgeous! It has incredible sparkle! It is difficult to believe this ring is just 1 carat as it looks like a 3 carat ring. I also like that the band of the ring gets slightly wider in the back. I’m very happy with my purchase! I’m wearing it as an anniversary ring."
1100,"After reviewing the various engagement rings available on Etsy, I stumbled across Lena's 1 ct diamond engagement ring with my partner (now fiancée) and we both instantly impressed at how beautiful it looked after reading the description and viewing the photos available online!  After contacting Lena for guidance on how to arrange a payment plan, she responded back straight away and was an absolute pleasure to deal with the whole way through the process right up until the ring was shipped out to me in Australia and arrived safely and securely in an extremely quick turnaround of 3 business days. I was absolutely thrilled with the ring when it arrived, it truly does look amazing, and due to the excellent service I received from Lena, my fiancée has now decided to purchase my engagement ring online from Sevencaratshop too!"
1101,Lena was a pleasure to work with and the rings are simply stunning. The design is so unique and intricate. Thank you so much for my fiancé’s dream ring!
1102,"This ring set is absolutely beautiful. It adds an incredible sparkle to the finger, and is sure to pick up compliments from strangers. Pictures can't do it justice! Not to mention Lena was so helpful throughout the shipping process!"
1103,This ring is even more beautiful than pictured. Love my new ring.
1104,An absolutely beautiful engagement ring. My partner adores it. The diamond catches the light beautifully and it’s all round a gorgeous ring.
1105,"Really pretty emerald ring. Lena was super helpful and was very diligent in finding the right emerald for me. I love working with her in all my purchases :) 
Thank you Lena!"
1106,Nothing but great things to say. Item arrived earlier than expected and packaged very well. Leading up to the purchase I had many questions that were answered timely. I needed a custom size and with a quick message we got everything set up. This was a wonderful experience.
1107,"It is absolutely beautiful! Thank you so much for your amazing work!
Wonderful customer service!
